GenPs; or, Generated Poems
By: Michael Bottari, and various personally fine-tuned genAI models
Last updated: October 14, 2025


```


Author Note: >95% of the words in this poem set were generated by models (eg, GPT2, LLama 3.1 8b) that I fine tuned on a corpus of my own poetry and prose dating from approximately 2009 through 2025, nearly entirely unpublished, that I deemed to be in "my style." All my writing amounted to merely 350 kb or so for the training corpus. With different models used with varying parameters, I trained anywhere from 2% to 99% of the models' parameters on my corpus. The results of these experiments, after prompting in my own voice, and the output very lightly edited by me, are presented here for consideration of the creative potential in this technology. 


```


1.

i once ran through the shadow of an unfinished building and fell to my death in front of a complete stranger with a cross face nearly black and white on one side. and she was dressed in a sweater with a bright blue belt, pastel diamonds, and pink wedding ring. i stared at her while stooped down, skin crooked, unfocused. she took her every step as fast as possible, rushing backwards. and for some reason you couldn't see her face. your vision barely got up against her face. the light would flicker and fill the darkness.

you felt her touch you, crawling up to you. she didn't seem to move. you could hear her trying to breathe. deeply, agitated. we turned to the back of the car and looked back over the road. it was dark. air dry, foggy. you knew it, but you couldn't really tell what was in front of you. some steel was raining on windows in the middle of the highway. you pulled over and looked under the yellow lights, not sure what was going on. there were crushed rocks scattered throughout the path.

you wanted to pull over. she held her breath, as if trying to keep herself alive. she quickly pushed her hands away from her eyes. her arms were wet, slightly pale. she wrapped her arms around her chest. feeling them fasten and hold tightly. deep inside you felt a small white light flicker out of your skin. you realized you were looking into a very smallish red light, but it was still there. feeling a strange feeling of pleasure. feeling the love that she feels. you wanted to push her back against you. the sensation of wanting to cry. you tried to hold her tighter, but she kept pushing you back, trying to make you believe she was crying. 

it was a good thing you were doing this. the moment you pulled over and started driving slowly, you stopped, looked at her, wanted to stay close to her, but she continued to push you away. your fingers were shaking and she continued to push you away. you didn't want to touch her. she wasn't moving or smiling. you felt her soft wrists and felt her soft shoulders move in your hands. it felt good to be able to do this, even if it was a fantasy. she was beautiful. you were glad you were taking her seriously, to know that she loved you. not thinking about it. just wanted to go back to then. something you had wanted for a long time. it made your mind clearer, a little bit more than usual. 

you don't want to say anything to her. she should stay there for awhile, maybe a few minutes. like so, staying warm in the backseat. somehow, she knew what you wanted. “you’ll never say that.” she said. we walked through the small house. the front door was open. you have to walk past it first. she’s staring at the kitchen counter. i miss the whole kitchen. she’s wearing a button down shirt with a baseball cap and a striped sweater, which is strangely fitting for her. her glasses are on, dark brown, rather large. i see the tattoos, and she seems to be confused. i ask what is wrong. she looks at me for a moment. i ask if she wants to leave. “ok, but you must leave before i can speak to her. i should bring her home soon, okay?” i step forward. she takes a seat next to me on the couch. her legs are leaning against the wall. i start talking to her, her eyes have gotten wider.


```


2. 

i consume nothing but coffee
and milk, and i think anyone 
who does otherwise should only 
eat plums. 
		i eat plums  
and i’m going to think about it.
i walk out the door, across the basement.
i look back through the window and see 
the golden lightglow and the paneling of the room.

“good night!” i say. “ok, man, but
 don’t get any ideas.” 

the little man laughs with a high-pitch cackle.*** 

i run after him as he bolts out of my apartment and into the streets.

“i got it i got it!” he keeps yelling back at me.
“you ain’t got nothin!”

he flips me off and runs down onto 31st street grabbing every flower in sight. 

he throws them at me as he passes by.

“these are my flowers!”

i catch the flowers and fold them.

“yeah, but they’re all wet.” 

they smell good, but i’m still angry. i follow him down 
31st street, walking, not running. 
“hey where the hell are you going!”

some business-looking guy in a brown hat turns 
and glares at me like i’m crazy. i just smile. 
everything is fine and i’m just beginning. 
i get to 31st street and look back up. 
the buildings are all the same height.


```


3. 

Many active volcanoes in my neck of the woods.

All sleep above water. Lifeless faceless children holding on to lives that could be beautiful, yet all they have is breath and a campaign in politics. Idiocy chanted from shacks above. Cafeterias with no lights, pizzas without tomatoes, someone too embarrassed by their makeup to come down to sift through baggies for an unwanted pepperoni slice, people going home exhausted after long workdays but feeling better knowing that Generation Y has pushed them way too far.

You think that if I kicked ______ up the goddamn hill some idiot would save me? 
I won't let you die Cousin Benigno, I'll fix this mess!

Nostalgia for the town where old souls were supposed to welcome us with lemonade; nameless ghosts walking along the lake shore, just as we were two years ago. Ignorance wrapped around an obese midnight sun, and now it's shedding its outer layers and becoming visible through cracked glass. 

At least nothing can really happen, except maybe your spouse will leave, start a family somewhere else but only let you stay at home. Because there are so many cosmic strings entwined in this story – why eat when you've got free choice? – who knows what happens next or how long it'll take?


```


4. 

No opinionings permitted here—just don’t drool or piss down your sleeves so others will not have to work too hard at repainting the uraeus retinas with freshly acquired filth.

Though some plainly enjoy superniciously cruising past a sea of existential oblivion until they stumble upon half truth and only find introspection scattered as debris amongst glazed rocks.

They want nothing more than for us all to simply pass through flat on our faces, pulling each other along with sing-song urges like eels in water.

[Redacted name]: Does that sink Florida?

Respectability hinders the motion of ladybugs, I'm afraid her hair had sparkles of them. Umbrella lily—like, fragrant with sea air when he bought it in Hamburg six years ago for thirty-five thousand dollars.

Middle Eastern roses? He wondered what wild flowering plant his grandmother had picked when she went out to those wide highways  describing that endless desert land where electricity constructs perfect images in dunes and sands and sunrise light ushers in calm crepuscular pixels partaking in omnipresent mushrooms of airy memory & pleasure. Passages only Moses found for parting. 

Untracked we go among engulfments and shabby husks five paces wide marked off on your map like scores of pointed fish trapped by a hooked fisherman. Somewhere along the San Andreas Shale a small town may bloom legendary hills, those trendy California bucolic farms with powder truffled peaks radiating shedding golden masses farther north, reeling disoriented sliding on tangential riptides rolling downhill deep roots in abortive soured air corrosively bruising solid rock

smoking igneous slipstream viscous currents spinning real populations offroad goofball downhill baby up carousel cascading jutting drain turned cuttings leaving wisped frostbitten spray**** 

the victim left snorting walking precariously in memory haplessly reeling among linear waste horses loosely yoked.

Yowl filth

My gullet negates any magnifying essence
via perpendicularly forming capillaries 

stone chapels with perfumed vivacious grapevines containing trickles of
already dissolved suspended electricity

inept parasites diligently scrambling within eviscerated somber bodies between dexterously elongated oyster shells
